NMS-13446: provisiond docs updates (#3577)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/handlers/import-handler.adoc

[[import-handlers]]
= Import Handlers

{page-component-title} supports a number of import handlers to facilitate provisioning nodes from an external system (foreign source) into a requisition.
This is done in the `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/provisiond-configuration.xml` file by referencing a requisition's location via a URL.

> Most commonly, these URLs are files on the file system (`file:$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/imports/<my-requisition.xml>`) created through the Requisitions UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most commonly, these URLs are files on the file system (`file:$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/imports/<my-requisition.xml>`) created through the Requisition UI.
```

However, these same requisitions for adding, updating, and deleting nodes can also come from external URLs.
For example, a requisition can be retrieved using the HTTP protocol.

In addition to the standard protocols supported by Java, we provide a series of custom URL handlers to help retrieve requisitions from external sources.

== Generic handler

The generic handler is made available using URLs of the form: `requisition://type?param=1;param=2`

> Using these URLs, you can invoke various handlers, both locally and via a Minion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use these URLs to invoke handlers, both locally and via a Minion.
```

In addition to the type-specific parameters, the following parameters are supported by all handlers:

.Optional parameters
[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,4,1"]
|===
| Parameter
| Description
| Default

| location
| The name of the location at which the handler should run.
| Default

| ttl
| The maximum number of milliseconds to wait for the handler when run remotely.
| 20000
|===

Use the `opennms:show-import` command, available via the Karaf shell, to show the results of an import without persisting or triggering the import:

[source, console]
----
opennms:show-import -l MINION http url=http://127.0.0.1:8000/req.xml
----

=== Configuration

> The configuration of the Provisioning system allows the definition of zero or more import requisitions, each with their own cron-based schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration of the Provisioning system allows the definition of zero or more import requisitions, each with its own cron-based schedule.
```
